deps(ponder): update to 0.11 (#818)
namehash/ensnode: docs/ensnode.io/src/content/docs/docs/concepts/what-is-ensnode.mdx

### Ponder Plugin Integration

#### Contract Namespace

Ponder, by default, does not have the concept of plugins — it assumes that a config is static and that all contract names are known at compile-time. In ENSIndexer, multiple plugins reference contracts of the same name, and further namespacing is required. We namespace plugin-specific contract definitions with a prefix (namely `PluginName`) to avoid collisions (see `apps/ensindexer/src/lib/plugin-helpers.ts` for reference).

#### Contract & Event Typing

Ponder uses the type information of contracts and their abis in the provided config to power the `ponder.on('MyContract:MyEvent', ...)` api, including inferred types for contract names, event names, and event arguments.

In order to replicate this experience with plugins selected at runtime, we use some creative typing in `apps/ensindexer/src/plugins/index.ts` to merge the possible plugin types for Ponder. With this approach we have full type inference for contract and event names/args across the app regardless of which plugins are activated at runtime.

#### Plugin Execution

> When ENSIndexer is run, the configs for all of the active plugins (those selected by the user) are merged and ponder runs in `omnichain` (soon: `multichain`) mode to produce the resulting index. The relevant event handlers are attached in each plugin's `event-handlers.ts` which conditionally executes if the plugin is activated in the ENSIndexerConfig.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When ENSIndexer is run, the configs for all of the active plugins (those selected by the user) are merged and ponder runs in `omnichain` (perhaps later: `multichain`) mode to produce the resulting index. The relevant event handlers are attached in each plugin's `event-handlers.ts` which conditionally executes if the plugin is activated in the ENSIndexerConfig.
```

We might stay on omnichain mode. Needs more R&D later when this becomes a priority.
